## 100%

1. Timing starts on file select and ends upon entering the Triforce room.

2. You must obtain:

- All Y items at their maximum upgrade (e.g. Silver Arrows, Magic Boomerang, etc)
- All A items at their maximum upgrade (e.g. Titan's Mitt, Pegasus Boots, etc.)
- All Equipment at their maximum upgrade (Gold Sword, Mirror Shield, Red Mail)
- 20 maximum heart containers by obtaining all 11 heart containers and 24 heart pieces
- The Half Magic upgrade
- All Pendants and Crystals

3. It is not necessary to obtain:

- intermediate item upgrades
- arrow and bomb capacity upgrades
- maps/compasses/big keys

4. All bosses must be defeated. This means all bosses at the end of a dungeon which drop a heart container, both Agahnim fights, and Ganon.

5. This category enforces a source requirement for item collection. This source requirement applies only to items which are part of the 100% goal. Anything else can be obtained by any means.

- The first time you acquire an item must be from a valid source.
- Items found in chests must be collected from a chest with the appropriate room ID loaded in memory. (i.e., its proper chest should be open after collecting it)
- Freestanding items must be collected from the appropriate room or screen
- Items from NPCs or cutscenes must be collected from the appropriate NPC or cutscene, even if the process is triggered erroneously
- Dungeons prizes must be collected from a boss room in which the boss is dead, and the appropriate dungeon ID is loaded in memory

**_PLEASE RESET AND SHOW YOUR MENU + 4 BOTTLES AFTER THE CREDITS!_**

This is not a hard requirement, but will greatly assist us in verifying your run, thank you!
